good morning my name is Monica dota if
you didn't already know that and today i
will be showing you how to wash momo the
pug you can really watch any dog with
these techniques but for bigger dogs as
you'll see in a second you're gonna need
a shower when i was younger i used to
show moma the pug in a variety of
different dog shows so it was important
that she was clean for these dog shows
although we never won it's also
important to have a clean dog because if
they're not clean sometimes they will
sleep with you and they will get your
bed smelling or just in general your
house million that can just be
embarrassing so it's good to have a
clean dog around and when they're
cleaner they're also softer so they're
more fun to pet for washing a dog or
Momo the pug you are going to need a few
just a few items which I will go over
net dog shampoo I prefer coconut because
it smells good a towel a sink preferably
with one of these things sprayer things
it's easier to get the soap out that way
a dog treat for after these are
pepperoni this is the kind that momentum
prefers and so that's what we will be
using today you also need a dog
obviously but Momo the pug ism she
doesn't like baths so we're trying to
keep it on the DL for now but I will go
get her and we will begin so now you've
retrieved mobo and I have you sleep
going right now to get it to a good roof
warm temperature that Momo's talk
in there that's about good so you play
split a limo in the bass he doesn't like
it so now you're going to want to start
by getting Momo damn your dog damn and
by doing this you just want to get so
that the soap is easier to rub in you
want to get everywhere on her body she
doesn't like it oka girl and during this
time you want to praise them because
they are being good doggies and some of
them may not like it like Momo but she
is being a very good girl and she's
going to get treats after for the back
area you don't want to get it in the
ears so you do put your hand like this
and then spray so that it doesn't go
into the ears okay now that she's dance
we are going to put a dollop of shampoo
onto our hands my feet for this part
put a dollop of shampoo on to your hand
about like that much and then what
you're going to want to do is just scrub
it into a good girl okay so you're just
going to want to scrub in the shampoo so
it gets nice and soapy ok rubbing
a little bit more if needed
get under her tummy
ok
ok so once you have it all scrubbed in
wait are you going to come back in once
you have it all scrubbed in you're gonna
just want to wash it out you want to
make sure you get all the soap out
because if it's not all that then it'll
be discomforting for Momo no no no no no
it'll be discomforting and that's not
good to Reese open to docs good girl my
mom said you can see I'm getting
everywhere once we get back up to the
ears we do a little my hands so that it
doesn't go into arrears Oh make sure
that the water temperature is still good
for her and that you're getting all the
soap out from everywhere ok I think Momo
is about no more soaps coming out of her
so that's a good sign and ok so now you
want to get your towel and retrieve Momo
out of the bath
I was game time you want to rub
vigorously and get all the water out
it's this night she likes to play
tug-of-war with the towel and you just
tell her she's good girl Oh get out of
here so you just rub vigorously get all
oh yeah oh hey don't you want treats yes
now now you give her her Papa roni's
does me a very good girl and that is how
you wash my mom or any dog